--> Git Key Terms:
1. Repository:
It Contains each file in your project and stores your changes as history.
Think of this as a folder that Git can track(follow) the changes, updates or deletes.

2. Local: 
This refers to version of your project that is in your personal laptop.
When you make changes here, here are not immediatly available to anyone.
Changes need to be committed and pushed a remote repository first.

3.Remote Repository:
A version of your project tht is on the internet network, often in the platforms like GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket.
After comminting changes locally, commits will be pushed to remote repo.
Commit: Once you are satisfied with changes you have made, then you can commit them.
A commit is like taking a picture of the changes that you have  made at the moment.

4.Staging Enviroment:
Before you commit all the changes, you can decide which changes will be included in commit by moving changes to changing enviroment.
Staging are is is like preparation table, where you can line up your changes, get ready for finalizing them.

!!! Basic commands of Git.
-> Command is an order that we can execute in the terminal.
1. - git init: --> this initializes a new Git Repository and begins tracking a existing directory.
Adds hidden subfolder within the directory that houses the internal data structure required for versions controls.

2. - git add: -> adds all changes in the directory (folder)to the staging area. Iin prepares it for the commit.
'' git add dit-day4.text''
syntax: git add filename

We want to add all the changes to the staging environment.

3. - git commit: -> Takes all the changes written is staging environment and 
saves them to the local repository.
You should provide a message describing what this commit is for.

4. - git commit -m -> "Descriptive commit message

5. - git push  -> Pushes commits from your local repository to a remote 
repository. For the first push to a new remote you might need to specify branch as well.

First time:
Git Push origin main
All others:
git push

What is token?
It is a string of characters that represents a specific permission or authorization.
IN git we can use PAT(Personal Access Token): A sdecure token that users generate to authentication 
into github account when using HTTPS protocol

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
https://github.com/AtyraNAZAR/DevOps.git





https://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@github.com/AtyraNAZAR/DevOps.git


